The wound that has been raised in this level for 20 years
Charge today to recover and get out of trouble
Whoever you are
Leave quickly
How many evil gods can you fight with this little deception?
Since you want to die
Then perish with the hero
Eight serpents crush them for me
The evil god is angry and invincible
I can't get back to you at all.
Are we all
Is that all?
He is the one who opened the king
What nonsense are you talking about?
This is the Holy Unicorn
The Mighty Heavenly Might of the Holy Qilin
You can take it.
How is that possible?
For thousands of years
No one can obtain the inheritance of the Holy Qilin
How did he manage it?
The legendary unicorn lucky man
There are enemies in the world forever
You can order all directions not to dare to obey
called
Kylin Sage
You must find His Holiness
Because only those 9 families
I was trapped in prison for 20 years
Now I can come out and smell the delicious taste of the world again
It's so satisfying
If it weren't for your 9 marriage contracts
I haven't been so miserable all these years
But one yard is one yard
I'll go to your 9 houses later.
Cancel these engagements
Give you complete freedom
We
My Malatang
You are we are your fiancée
This time it will be looking for you in the future.
divorce